Add example for using multi-sheet Excel file (#1760)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/data/data_catalog.md

    sheet_name: Sheet1
```

> Example 7: Loads a multisheet excel file from a local file system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example 7: Loads a multi-sheet Excel file from a local file system
```
:)

Author: Made the change in 3f493a1921cf72bd3f81bd2f49f4ec3bedecc304, thanks!
